[SA-106313] Add Wealth Icons (#3189)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/kind-squids-own.md

---
"@sumup-oss/icons": minor
---

> Add Wealth Icons in size 16 and 24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new `Wealth` icon in sizes 16 and 24.
```

> Add Wealth Icons in size 16, 24, 48

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new `Wealth` icon in sizes 16 and 24.
```
